EXILE III: Ruined World

Exile III: Ruined World is copyright 1997, Jeff Vogel, all rights 
reserved. It is a product of Spiderweb Software, Inc.

Exile III: Ruined World is an epic fantasy role-playing game for 
Windows, and the conclusion to the hit, award-winning Exile trilogy.
Exile III is $25 shareware. The first third of the game is free, 
with full functionality. Upon registering, you will receive 
the key to the rest of the game and printed documentation.
Registrations and questions may be sent to  
  Spiderweb Software, Inc., PO Box 85659, Seattle, WA, 98145-1659
  SpidWeb@aol.com, http://www.spidweb.com

> Troubleshooting <

The file README.TXT which came with Exile III contains full 
troubleshooting information. Be sure to read it if you have
any difficulties installing or playing the game.

> ASP Ombudsman Statement <

This program is produced by a member of the Association of 
Shareware Professionals (ASP). ASP wants to make sure that the 
shareware principle works for you. If you are unable to resolve 
a shareware-related problem with an ASP member by contacting the 
member directly, ASP may be able to help. The ASP Ombudsman can 
help you resolve a dispute or problem with an ASP member, but 
does not provide technical support for members' products. Please 
write to the ASP Ombudsman at 545 Grover Road, Muskegon, MI 
49442 or send a CompuServe message via CompuServe Mail to ASP 
Ombudsman 70007,3536.

> How to Uninstall

Uninstallation of Exile III is very simple. Delete the directory you
installed Exile III into (probably c:\exile3). From the Program 
Manager, delete the entire Exile II folder. Finally, remove
the font MAIDWORD.TTF. All traces of Exile III
will now be removed from your system.

> Warranty Information and Disclaimer: <

Spiderweb Software disclaims all warranties relating to 
this software, express or implied, including but not 
limited to any implied warranties of merchantability 
and fitness for a particular purpose, and all such 
warranties are expressly and specifically disclaimed. 
Neither Spiderweb Software nor anyone else who has 
been involved in the creation, production, or delivery of 
this software shall be liable for any direct, indirect, 
consequential, or incidental damages arising out of the use 
or inability to use such software even if the forementioned 
parties have been advised of the possibility of such damages 
or claims. In no event shall Spiderweb Software's damages 
ever exceed the price paid for the license to use the software, 
regardless of form or claim. The person using the software 
bears all risk as to the quality and performance of the software.

Some states do not allow the exclusion of the limit of liability 
for consequential or incidental damages, so the above 
limitation may not apply to you.

This agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of 
Washington and shall inure to the benefit of Spiderweb 
Software and any successors, administrators, heirs, and assigns. 
Any action or proceeding brought by either party against the 
other arising out of or relating to this agreement shall be 
brought only at a STATE or FEDERAL COURT of competent 
jurisdiction located in King County, Washington. The 
parties hereby consent to in personam jurisdiction of said 
courts.

> Shareware License: <

	The author grants permission for this disk to be copied 
and distributed, if no fee is charged, other than that necessary to 
make up for duplication and distribution expenses. Said fee is 
not to exceed $12. Otherwise, you must get written permission 
from the author to distribute copies of this disk. All copies must 
be unaltered.

Any questions, comments, etc. may be sent to:
	Spiderweb Software
	PO Box 85659
	Seattle, WA 98145-1659
	Internet: SpidWeb@spidweb.com
  PHONE: (206) 789-4438. We're open M-F, noon-6, Pacific time.
  AOL:  SpidWeb
  CompuServe:  76463,1521
  http://www.spidweb.com